content/about/index.md, before:

---
.title = "ttecho's resume",
.author ="Angel (ttecho)",
.description = "online resume of projects and work",
.layout = "about.html",
.date = @date("2024-02-11T00:00:00"),
.draft = false,
---

Work Experience - NAWCWD
---------------

**JEDI Division** - *Supervisor*
- Recruited new hires for Department that handles over 50 projects
- Implemented new processes for the (ESDP) new hire program to help with retention
- Managed over 55 employees that include facilitating and overseing processes for JEDI

**APR-39 Radar Warning Reciever** - *OFP Software Developer*
- Implemented MIL-1553 standard messages for integration with mission critical systems
- Characterized & debugged RF anomalies in Operational Flight Program (OFP) using Matlab.
- Developed display menus for systems on aircraft to interact with the system
- Developed an in-memory mission data file persistence for VxWorks.

**APR-39 Radar Warning Reciever** - *CI/CD Maintainer/Developer*
- Developed a Go cli application that generates Software Formal Qualification Test Report (SFQT) from gitlab issues that based on a future release.
- Implemented & maintained the teams CI pipeline on an offline Gitlab server.
- Ported a visual C++ 6 custom OFP packager for APR-39's OFP to Python to integrate easier into our CI process

**Gorgon Automated Simulation Testbed** - *Software Developer*
- Fixed problems in the API layer for the test scripting environment.
- Developed a Mission Computer simulator in C# to interact with the in-house script environment.

Project Experience
------------------

[Personal Website](https://github.com/furioncycle/furioncycle.github.io)
- Implemented in Zine and hosted on Github

Various Nixos homelab configurations
 - [Hogar](https://github.com/furioncycle/hogar) Home manager configuration for a couple of my computers
 - Current [NixOS configuration](https://github.com/furioncycle/flaked) 
 - [Old](https://github.com/furioncycle/nixos-config) Hyprland configuration 

[Eno](https://github.com/furioncycle/eno) cli application
- An oblique strategies application made in Go using Charm's `bubbletea` framework

[Dalek](https://github.com/furioncycle/dalek/) audio engine
*website* - https://furioncycle.github.io/dalek
- From scratch deterministic audio engine made in zig
- Documention website with zine.

[nowav](https://github.com/furioncycle/nowav) audio decoder
- An audio decoder made in zig

Education
---------

**Cal State University, Long Beach**
*Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering*

**Cal State University, Chico State**
*Bachelor of Arts in Music Industry and Technology*

Hobbies & Interests
-------------------

`Visualist` and  `Audio Mangler` in **Human Filth/Zero Day**  
Dj/Producer in **Ttecho**  
NixOS
Zig  
Deterministic Simulation Testing
Skating  
Fixed Gear riding

Commit message:

updated about and added list of TODOs

content/about/index.md, after:

---
.title = "ttecho's resume",
.author ="Angel (ttecho)",
.description = "online resume of projects and work",
.layout = "about.html",
.date = @date("2024-02-11T00:00:00"),
.draft = false,
---

About
-----
---

Software Engineer with interests in Audio, Embedded, Formal Verification/Methods, Simulation Testing.

[Available to discuss work and OSS](ttecho2021@gmail.com)

Work Experience - NAWCWD
------------------------
---

**JEDI Division** - *Supervisor*
- Recruited new hires for Department that handles over 50 projects
- Implemented new processes for the (ESDP) new hire program to help with retention
- Managed over 55 employees that include facilitating and overseing processes for JEDI

**APR-39 Radar Warning Reciever** - *OFP Software Developer*
- Implemented MIL-1553 standard messages for integration with mission critical systems
- Characterized & debugged RF anomalies in Operational Flight Program (OFP) using Matlab.
- Developed display menus for systems on aircraft to interact with the system
- Developed an in-memory mission data file persistence for VxWorks.

**APR-39 Radar Warning Reciever** - *CI/CD Maintainer/Developer*
- Developed a Go cli application that generates Software Formal Qualification Test Report (SFQT) from gitlab issues that based on a future release.
- Implemented & maintained the teams CI pipeline on an offline Gitlab server.
- Ported a visual C++ 6 custom OFP packager for APR-39's OFP to Python to integrate easier into our CI process

**Gorgon Automated Simulation Testbed** - *Software Developer*
- Fixed problems in the API layer for the test scripting environment.
- Developed a Mission Computer simulator in C# to interact with the in-house script environment.

Project Experience
------------------
--- 
[Sync'd Gaze](https://github.com/furioncycle/furioncycle.github.io) - Personal Website
- Implemented in [Zine](https://github.com/kristoff-it/zine) and hosted on Github

Nixos homelab configurations
 - [Hogar](https://github.com/furioncycle/hogar) Home manager configuration for a couple of my computers
 - Current [NixOS configuration](https://github.com/furioncycle/flaked) 
 - [Old configuration](https://github.com/furioncycle/nixos-config) Hyprland configuration 

[Eno](https://github.com/furioncycle/eno) - Cli Application
- An oblique strategies application made in Go using Charm's `bubbletea` framework

[Dalek](https://github.com/furioncycle/dalek/) Audio Engine  
- [website](https://furioncycle.github.io/dalek) for documentation/design
- From scratch deterministic audio engine made in zig  

[nowav](https://github.com/furioncycle/nowav) audio decoder  
- An audio decoder made in zig

Education
---------
---

**Cal State University, Long Beach** - *Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering*

**Cal State University, Chico State**  - *Bachelor of Arts in Music Industry & Technology*

Hobbies & Interests
-------------------
---
`Visualist` and  `Audio Mangler` in **Zero Day**  
Dj/Producer in **Ttecho**  
NixOS  
Zig  
Deterministic Simulation Testing  
Skating  
Fixed Gear riding
